doc: add right click in README (#37)
stan-smith/FossFLOW: README.md

### Creating Diagrams

1. **Add Items**:
  - Press the "+" button on the top right menu, the library of components will appear on the left. Drag and drop components from the library onto the canvas

>   - Or perform a right click on the grid and select "Add node", you can click on the new node you created and customize it from the left menu

Author: ```suggestion
  - Or, perform a right click on the grid and select "Add node", you can then click on the new node you created and customise it from the left menu
```
